Hello, Paul Robeson. This is Will Painter, President of the South Wales Miners, speaking.
On behalf of the South Wales Miners and all the people gathered at this ice stepward,
I extend to you warm greetings of friendship and respect. We are happy that it has been
possible for us to arrange that you speak and sing to us today. We would be far happier
if you were with us in person. Our people deplore the continued refusal of your government
to return your passport and to deny you the right to join with us in our festival of song.
We shall continue to exert what influence we can to overcome this position. We look
forward to the day when we shall again shake you by the hand and hear you sing with us
in these valleys of music and song. As one of our Welsh songs puts it, and we dedicate
it to you, we'll keep a welcome in the hillsides. We'll keep a welcome in the vales. This land
of ours will still be singing when you come back again to Wales. And now, Paul, for the
procedure for this evening. We would like you to give a message of greetings to the
Welsh miners and the great audience here assembled in this ice stepward. And after
that, to sing to us. And after you have sung, we have here on the platform the Triochi Male
Voice Choir, which is one of the premier male voice choirs in Wales. And they will sing
to you a very beautiful Welsh song, A Dealin Eyre. Over to you, Paul.